1.  I obtain the the repository of repository by using
   git clone git://git.savannah.gnu.org/diffutils.git

2. Store the log of chnages of Diffutils master branch in to
   the file git-log.txt using the command bellow
   git log > git-log.txt

3. Generate the list of tag and then store it in the file
   git-tags.txt using the following command
   git tag> git-tags.txt

4. I used emacs to open the file git-log.txt and used C-s
   to search the commit with maint: quote
   then i used show to generate the patch file and put
   it into quote-patch.txt
   by using the command below
   git show 62ca21c8c1a5aa3488589dcb191a4ef04ae9ed4f>
   quote-patch.txt

5. By using the command cat git-tags.txt we can see that
   v3.0 is inside. Using the command git checkout v3.0

6. By uding the patch command to apply the quote-patch.txt
   to the version 3.0:
   patch -p1 < quote-patch.txt
   During the process, I encountered three hints
   'File to patch:' Then I input 'Enter' and the
   'Skip this pathc? [y]' shows up  and then i choose y

7. Then I used the command: git status
   It shows all the modified file and
   untracked files

8. In this step I learned how to use the command vc-diff(C-x v=)
   and vc convert(C-x v u) and diff-apply-hunk(C-u C-c C-a)
   

9. By using git status, it displays all the modified files.I first
   use emacs to open all the non .c file and then us the command
   vc-revert (C-x v u) to revert them back. For the .c files, I
   opened them using emacs and using the vc-diss(C-x v =) to see the
   changes of thoese files and choose the non code changes and revert
   thoes hunks back by using the command diff-apply-hunk (C-u C-c C-a)

10. By using git status there are two .rej files. They are src/diff.c.rej
    and src/diff3.c.rej. I then opened src/diff.c.rej with emacs and also
    opened the diff.c. I them mannually copy the rejected patches into the
    src/diff.c.rej. I did the same thing for the src/diff3.c.rej

11. Then I use the command git clean -f -d to remove all the untracked files
    -d is used for removing untracted directoery in addtion to untracted files
    -f is used for forcing

12.By using git status. It shows 6 .c files.
   Then by using the command
   git diff > quote-3.0-patch.txt
   to store the patch which is three or four hundres lines.

13.From the README-hacking
   I used the following command
   ./bootstrap
   ./configure
   make
   make check
   Then I run the two comands: 'diff . -' and './diff . -'
   the first one shows: diff: cannot compare `-' to a directory
   the second one shows : ./diff: cannot compare '-' to a directory
   Then I run 'diff --help' and './diff --help'
   the first one shows message with "If a FILE is `-', read standard input."
   the 2nd one shows message with "If a FILE is '-', read standard input."

14.By using the command mkdir, I created two directory outside the diffuils
   which are diffutils-3.0 and diffutils-3.0-patch. Then I copy all the
   files inside the src of diffutils into the diffutils-3.0-pathc
   by using the command cp * ../../diffutils-3.0-patch
   Then I run the command 'git checkout -f v3.0' to get back to Diffutils 3.0
   Then I went to the src folder and copied all the files into diffutils-3.0:
   cp *	../../diffutils-3.0
   Then by using the command diffutils-3.0-patch/diff -pru diffutils-3.0
   diffutils-3.0-patch > quote-3.0-test.txt. I obtained the quote-3.0-test.txt

15.Finally, I used the diff command to compare the two files and also check
   the differences by using the following command
   diff quote-3.0-test.txt quote-3.0-patch.txt | less
   By checking the outcome, I found the difference is the string literals,
   so it is innocuous.
